[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: What I'm gonna do
is basically deploy our to do MVC
application to a production environment.
And there's gonna be some kind of bumps
along the way because I'm gonna actually
manually configure a few things after
the application has been deployed.
But if you have a AWS account already,
you can feel free to follow
along cuz these will be the same
steps that you will need to,
that you will need to reproduce
after you know as we're
trying to get the application
deployed yourself.
So does everybody have
an Amazon account?
Like at least an Amazon developer account?
So we did go so far as to sign up there.
So the next thing that you'll want to do,
and I'll drop this in the,
drop this in the chat,
is the Elastic Beanstalk
command line interface is something
that you'll need to install.
It's a Python utility that can be
installed on any on any platform.
I'm looking at the docs right now but
let me drop it in the chat.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
if you have homebrew,
it's actually fairly
easy to get installed.
There's actually a brew package that
will do it do it right up for you.
If you also have Python installed,
you can install it with Pip as well So
let me go ahead and drop that in.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So
if you want to go through the process of
starting to get that installed.
I will sort of slowly go
into the Amazon console and
give you a little chance to
get that installed as we go.
Because the first stop is gonna like once
you sign into your Amazon account which
I am right now, you'll probably see a
dashboard that looks something like this,
all deployed to a region that I
haven't deployed to yet, maybe.
Or I guess I could go, US East.
It doesn't really matter.
>> Kevin Whinnery: All right, so
I'm gonna be creating my resources within
the US East region, but first I need to
start by creating an API user for myself.
So from the dashboard, I'm going to go
down to identity and access management.
And these users are actually you
know shared across your account.
So it doesn't matter which region
you're in for this particular one.
So the first thing that you're going
to want to do is go down here to users.
And create a new user.
And you can give them
a user name of some kind.
So I'll go through and
actually create one.
Although I actually have
done this numerous times.
So I already have one created.
So once you create a user.
You'll have the opportunity here in the
browser to see their security credentials
which is going to be their secret key and
like a user ID.
So you're gonna want to
download those credentials and
keep those in a safe location because
it's not possible to retrieve them.
If you lose them, you're gonna have to
regenerate credentials for the user for
security reasons.
So once you create a user,
download your credentials,
store those in a safe location.
Looks like is saying that he always
gets scared in the AWS console and
that is wise as well as well you should
you know it's kind of a scary place.
But hopefully we'll leave today with
it being a little bit less scary.
So once we have those,
once we have those user created
we're gonna want to add that user
to a group and this is different
from the security groups that we'll be
talking about later but it's essentially.
User group which gives them certain
permissions within the AWS infrastructure.
So in my case, I only have one group
defined which is admins, which kind
of gives God mode access to a user for
all of the resources in my AWS account.
As a practical matter, most organizations
you'll work in that use Amazon,
will have security groups with
much more granular restrictions.
But if we look at that briefly,
just to give you an idea of what it is.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Let's see.
>> Kevin Whinnery: So
we can see the users that are in a group.
And it's permissions and
Amazon has essentially like a language
a DSL for determining like what
resources a given group or
a given user has access to and
the administrator access policy.
It's JSON based obviously and for
the administrators basically says
that you can like all kinds of
actions on every kind of resource.
So it's the most permissive one, but
you can make these very tightly scoped to
specific products, to specific instances
of services as granular as you feel
like you need those services to be.
So once you've created, excuse me,
a user added them to a group which has
sufficient permission to yes, question.
>> Speaker 2: Some people ask you,
how you want to do this or
you just want them to watch for now?
And then they're gonna
go through themselves.
Some people are behind but-
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah, I mean,
I think that if you want to follow on,
that is totally fine.
The first page of the documentation that I
put in the chat will also take you through
the same process.
So if you want it.
For me, personally,
I like to see it and then do it.
But I would recommend that you
probably watch at this time.
And then try to try to recreate it.
Because if we all try to do it together,
I don't think it will work.
So we'll go through the process show you
the steps and then I'll help each of you
get through it with the rest of the time
we have here this afternoon, right?
So we create a user, we download our
credentials, we add that user to a group
or give that user permissions to access
the resources that it's gonna need.